# Augine-Unity
We tried to present an elegant solution to the users by creating an application which provides them with a set of tools for making Interior Designing easy. Here’s the main menu which provides you with the different functions and helps in providing  the user a tool which helps in creating a wonderful experience . First function is AR Tiles . Your dream space is closer than you think. The AR tool allows users to see any of the given flooring products digitally rendered in their home.  There is a stark difference between trying to imagine how a tile sample will look throughout a room and being able to view the room’s entire floor covered in the new tile using AR Follow the simple steps outlined above to locate 3D-enabled products Point the camera at the area of your room where you want the tile to appear. The app detects your room’s floor.  Second is AR Measure is pretty neat. The feature  uses a smartphone to measure real-life objects through the magic of augmented reality. AR tracks real-life objects in order to accurately place virtual items in a camera feed, and if the tracking is good enough, an app can turn that data into a pretty good estimate of distance.  And Last is AR Furniture The feature automatically scales products, based on room dimensions, with 98 percent accuracy . In order to visualize a product within a space, the application scans the expanse of a room through an phone’s camera. Users can browse through over products on an  to make their selections. Once chosen, users must point the device to the desired spot in a room, then drag and drop the selected product onto the space. 
